Spring Boot supports Java Util logging; Log4j2 and LogBack.
By default, it uses LogBack.
With this login components,
you can configure constant login as well as far login,
for you to quickly detect problems and solve the problems.
With this login components,
you can configure the constant login as well as
far login for you to quickly detect problems and the source of the problems.
The default Spring Boot login provide the following information: Date, time,
log level, process ID,
thread name, logger name, and log message.
With all the informations you get from the login,
you should be able to track and solving your problem quickly.